Note : commented lines (with ";") are done / clearly attributed somewhere.
The rest is not yet done or could be improved.


<!-- GOAL V01 • You can describe what an embedded real-time system is, how it can be built and what challenges may arise in such systems. -->
GOAL V01 • You gain a basic understanding of the modelling process and the system structure of the underlying embedded hardware and software layers (programmed in C/C++).

GOAL L01 • You can set up a C++ project in STM32CubeIDE from scratch.
GOAL L01 • You can add libraries to your project and configure them properly.
<!-- GOAL L01 • You can write C code that is callable from C++. -->
GOAL L01 • You can write a C++ application and call it from C.
GOAL L01 • You understand the general structure of a C++ project.


<!-- GOAL V02 • You can explain the functionality and purpose of an embedded real-time operating system (RTOS), how it is built and how it relates to a “bare metal” implementation (pros and cons). -->
GOAL V02 • You can explain the underlying concepts and mechanisms related to an RTOS’s task management, including tasks/ processes, process states, task/context switches and scheduling/dispatching.
GOAL V02 • You can explain the principles of multitasking and concurrency.
GOAL V02 • You can understand and utilize a selected RTOS, the FreeRTOS, to create and manage tasks.

GOAL Lab 02 • You can understand the basics of a scheduler and a dispatcher, as well as how they relate to each other.
GOAL Lab 02 • You can implement a simple tasker on your own.
GOAL Lab 02 • You can explain what a task is and how it basically works.
GOAL Lab 02 • You can write new C++ classes from a given UML diagram specification.

<!-- Lab 03: FreeRTOS Task Management -->
GOAL L03 • You can create multiple tasks in FreeRTOS.
GOAL L03 • You can understand task priorities and the management of tasks.
GOAL L03 • You can explain the difference between a preemptive and a non-preemptive scheduling policy.
GOAL L03 • You can use Percepio Tracealyzer to trace the tasks in a quasi-parallel system.

<!-- V03 – Concurrency (I): Task Synchronization -->
GOAL V03 • You can recognize the problems and the necessity of task synchronization (resources and activities)and inter-process communication (IPC)between two or more tasks.
GOAL V03 • You can explain how semaphoresand mutexes, signals/task notifications, and event registers/event groups, work and how they are used (best practices).
GOAL V03 • You can implement IPC concepts with these RTOS objects in FreeRTOS.


<!-- Lab 04 – Semaphores and Mutexes -->
<!-- GOAL L04 • You understand the difference between a semaphore and a mutex. -->
GOAL L04 • You can synchronize multiple tasks with semaphores.
GOAL L04 • You can protect a section in a task with a mutex.
GOAL L04 • You can use FreeRTOS and the C++ FreeRTOS Wrapper to implement semaphores and mutexes.
GOAL L04 • You can analyze tasks and other FreeRTOS objects (e.g., semaphore, mutex) with Percepio Tracealyzer.
GOAL L04 • You can combine semaphores and mutexes to create a safe access pattern.

<!-- V04 – Concurrency (II): Locks vs. Lock-Free -->
GOAL V04 • You can explain how message queues and message or stream buffers/pipes work and how they are used (best practices).
GOAL V04 • You can implement IPC concepts with these RTOS objects in FreeRTOS.
GOAL V04 • You know what a deadlock is and why it can occur.
GOAL V04 • You can explain priority inversion and how it can be dealt with via resource access protocols.

<!-- Lab 05: Priority Inversion, Deadlocks and Queues -->
GOAL L05 • You can recognize and prevent deadlocks in a system design.
GOAL L05 • You understand the mechanisms of priority inversion and priority inheritance.
GOAL L05 • You develop a feel for locking and lock-free implementations.
GOAL L05 • You can use message queues and buffers for inter-process communication in FreeRTOS.
GOAL L05 • You can make use of a tracing and visualizing tool like Percepio Tracealyzer for system analysis.

<!-- V05 – Embedded Memory -->
GOAL V05 • You are familiar with the basic types of embedded memory, the memory modeland memory map as typically used in a microcontroller.
GOAL V05 • You can describe the memory usage regarding FreeRTOS task stacksand heap implementations.
GOAL V05 • You can explain internal / external fragmentationand coalescing / free-space management.

<!-- Lab 06 –FreeRTOS Memory Model -->
GOAL L06 • You can understand where and how a task is placed in memory.
GOAL L06 • You can use FreeRTOS with and without heap.
GOAL L06 • You can explain the pros and cons of static/dynamic allocation.
GOAL L06 • You can describe what memory fragmentation is.
GOAL L06 • You can apply watermarking to analyze memory usage.
GOAL L06 • You can assess and estimate the memory usage of a task.

<!-- V06 – Memory Management (I): Memory Hierarchy -->
GOAL V06 • You are familiar with the typical structure of a memory hierarchy, including cache
GOAL V06 and scratchpad memories.
GOAL V06 • You can describe the purpose of access levels and a memory protection unit.
GOAL V06 • You can explain the key concept of the principle of locality and cache-friendly code. 

<!-- Lab 07 – Access Levels, Memory Protection and Caching -->
GOAL L07 • You can tell the difference between cache, scratchpad and main memory.
GOAL L07 • You can analyze code with regard to its cache friendliness.
GOAL L07 • You can use the memory protection unit to control access rights and prevent memory corruption.
GOAL L07 • You can employ Arm’s access levels to manage privileges of tasks and user programs in FreeRTOS.

<!-- V07 – Memory Management (II): Caching -->
GOAL V07 • You can explain the different cache types and their characteristics.
GOAL V07 • You understand the cache accesses (read, write) and different cache replacement strategies.
GOAL V07 • You know how to assess the cache performance.
GOAL V07 • You are aware of possible issues and solutions to ensure cache coherence and cache consistency.

<!-- V08 – Memory Management (III): Primary & Secondary Storage -->
GOAL V08 • You know the basics of how flash memory works and how it can be used together
with a file system.

<!-- Lab 08 – Flash Memory and File Systems -->
GOAL L08• You learn about the structure of flash memory (flash sectors) through hands-on experience.
GOAL L08• You can read from and write to flash memory.
GOAL L08• You can understand the data lifetime difference between RAM and flash memory.
GOAL L08• You can make use of the basic functionalities of a file system.
GOAL L08• You know the memory model of a microcontroller and how to find the different memory locations.